What do you want?
Why is Miss Ye unwilling?
I don't have it.
Sorry Ye Fanxin
Yeah, I'm sorry.
That cousin, we were open-mouthed before.
Don't worry about it.
I won't forgive you for your heart.
Yueyue, do you think you should forgive them?
Yueyue, don't forgive them
Hey Long Yueyue, you
Hey little swallow
The teacher said
If you can change your knowledge, you are a good boy
Look, I apologized to your mom
Why don't I forgive
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, why can't Yueyue forgive them?
Because they just apologized to mom.
Didn't apologize to me and dad
As long as you say sorry to Yueyue
Yueyue will forgive you
Didn't you hear?
Damn
Ye Fanxin's family was so poor today
You wait for me.